Quick Silver Stallion

high

# Agents can instantly die although the active agents are higher than 50
## Summary
When alive agents are > 50 the game will keep wounding agents. When the `ROUNDS_TO_BE_WOUNDED_BEFORE_DEAD` round is surpassed the very first rounds wounded agents will be dead and the next round the second rounds wounded will be dead and keeps going as this. However, when an agent is wounded at the current round but also had wounded in the `current round - ROUNDS_TO_BE_WOUNDED_BEFORE_DEAD` can be instantly dead without having a chance to heal his/herself. When the game has > 50 agents healing is possible but this case will break that and the game will not work as it supposed to. 
## Vulnerability Detail
Best to go is an example so let's do that! 

Assume the variable `ROUNDS_TO_BE_WOUNDED_BEFORE_DEAD = 48` note that this constant value is directly taken from the actual test file so I am assuming this value is considered to be used. 

Say the game is at the round 49 and the active agent count is 1000 which is more than 50 so the game keeps wounding rather than instant killing phase. Since the rounds to be wounded before dead threshold is over for the round 49, when the next chainlink fulfill call happens there will be some agents wounded at round 49 and also the agents wounded at round (49-48) = 1 will be dead.

Now, say Alice had an agent and she got wounded at round 1 before but she healed herself and now her agent is in ACTIVE mode. When the round 49 processes, Alice agent gets wounded. So, Alice's agent got wounded at round 49 and now since the active agents are more than 50 she still has a chance to heal her agent and keep playing the game. However, as we stated above, since the round is 49 the agents that are wounded at round 1 and still has WOUNDED status will be dead. Remember, Alice also got wounded at round 1 but she healed herself and she got wounded at the current round (49) again. Since the 
```solidity
uint16[MAXIMUM_HEALING_OR_WOUNDED_AGENTS_PER_ROUND_AND_LENGTH]
            storage woundedAgentIdsInRound = woundedAgentIdsPerRound[1];
```
still has the Alice's agent index and Alice has just got wounded Alice will be killed at the same round 49 although the kill is supposed to kill the agents that has been wounded in the round 1. 

Let's check the kill function and see how Alice gots killed in unfortunate way
```solidity
function _killWoundedAgents(
        uint256 roundId,
        uint256 currentRoundAgentsAlive
    ) private returns (uint256 deadAgentsCount) {
        uint16[MAXIMUM_HEALING_OR_WOUNDED_AGENTS_PER_ROUND_AND_LENGTH]
            storage woundedAgentIdsInRound = woundedAgentIdsPerRound[roundId];
        uint256 woundedAgentIdsCount = woundedAgentIdsInRound[0];
        uint256[] memory woundedAgentIds = new uint256[](woundedAgentIdsCount);
        for (uint256 i; i < woundedAgentIdsCount; ) {
          
            uint256 woundedAgentId = woundedAgentIdsInRound[i.unsafeAdd(1)];

      
            uint256 index = agentIndex(woundedAgentId);
            if (agents[index].status == AgentStatus.Wounded) {
                woundedAgentIds[i] = woundedAgentId;
                _swap({
                    currentAgentIndex: index, // 198
                    lastAgentIndex: currentRoundAgentsAlive - deadAgentsCount, // 199
                    agentId: woundedAgentId, // 200
                    newStatus: AgentStatus.Dead
                });
                unchecked {
                    ++deadAgentsCount;
                }
            }

            unchecked {
                ++i;
            }
        }

        emit Killed(roundId, woundedAgentIds);
    }
```
As we can see above the function will check the roundId 1 and will spot the Alice index and it will only check whether the Alice has WOUNDED status or not but it will not check which round Alice got wounded. Alice will be immediately killed in the round 49 because she got wounded at round 49 and before she got wounded at round 1 but healed. 
## Impact
Since this is not an intended behaviour for the game I'll label this as high.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-looksrare/blob/86e8a3a6d7880af0dc2ca03bf3eb31bc0a10a552/contracts-infiltration/contracts/Infiltration.sol#L1129-L1143
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-looksrare/blob/86e8a3a6d7880af0dc2ca03bf3eb31bc0a10a552/contracts-infiltration/contracts/Infiltration.sol#L1477-L1508
## Tool used

Manual Review


## Recommendation
Check the "woundedAt" when killing someone or maybe set the woundedAgentIdsInRound index of the healed account to 0.