Micro Caramel Perch

medium

# `fulfillRandomWords` it's open for revert while it must not revert at any condition
## Summary

The fulfillRandomWords function in Infiltration calls `_healRequestFulfilled` when `healingAgents` is not zero. This `_healRequestFulfilled` internal function open for revert when calling `healProbability`

## Vulnerability Detail

According to chainlink [docs](https://docs.chain.link/vrf/v2/security#fulfillrandomwords-must-not-revert)

> If your fulfillRandomWords() implementation reverts, the VRF service will not attempt to call it a second time. Make sure your contract logic does not revert..

This could potentially introduce a critical issue in the code.

The `fulfillRandomWords` function is responsible for handling the fulfillment of a random number request. It first retrieves information related to the randomness request and the current game round. It then checks if the request is valid by comparing the round IDs and the existence of the request. If the request is invalid, it emits an `InvalidRandomnessFulfillment` event and returns.

Specifically, reverts could potentially occur on `healProbability` Function: `fulfillRandomWords` -> `_healRequestFulfilled` -> `healProbability`

The `healProbability` function is a public view function that calculates a healing probability based on a provided parameter. If the parameter does not meet certain conditions (specifically, if it equals 0 or exceeds a ROUNDS_TO_BE_WOUNDED_BEFORE_DEAD), it reverts with an `InvalidHealingBlocksDelay` error. If this function is called with an invalid parameter, it could lead to a revert and prevent the `fulfillRandomWords` function from being properly executed.

```js
File: Infiltration.sol
1019:     function healProbability(uint256 healingBlocksDelay) public view returns (uint256 y) {
1020:         if (healingBlocksDelay == 0 || healingBlocksDelay > ROUNDS_TO_BE_WOUNDED_BEFORE_DEAD) {
1021:             revert InvalidHealingBlocksDelay();
1022:         }
1023:
1024:         y =
1025:             HEAL_PROBABILITY_MINUEND -
1026:             ((healingBlocksDelay * 19) * PROBABILITY_PRECISION) /
1027:             ROUNDS_TO_BE_WOUNDED_BEFORE_DEAD_MINUS_ONE;
1028:     }
```

In summary, there is potential of failure that could lead to reverts during the processing of randomness requests. Since the Chainlink VRF service does not retry failed fulfillments, these potential revert scenarios could result in a failure to generate random numbers as expected.

## Impact

VRF service might not attempt to call and return the random words a second time when the revert happening

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-looksrare/blob/main/contracts-infiltration/contracts/Infiltration.sol#L1020-L1022

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Remove the revert, just `return` and handled appropriately to avoid disruptions in the randomness generation process
