Loud Myrtle Tiger

high

# Wrong use of VRF randomness can allow it to be exploited, allowing the exploiter to always win the game
## Summary
According to chainlink docs, ANY re-request of randomness is an incorrect use of the VRF https://docs.chain.link/vrf/v2/security#do-not-re-request-randomness

The current implementation allows for the random word to be requested again if there has been no response after 24 hours. This is a wrong usage of the VRF.

## Vulnerability Detail
This warning is taken from the chainlink docs

`Any re-request of randomness is an incorrect use of VRFv2. Doing so would give the VRF service provider the option to withhold a VRF fulfillment if the outcome is not favorable to them and wait for the re-request in the hopes that they get a better outcome, similar to the considerations with block confirmation time.`

This means that the VRF service provider, who can also be a player of the Infiltrator game, can withhold the random word if it is an unfavourable outcome, and re-roll the dice after 24 hours. 

Because the random word selects the agent to be wounded and determines if a heal is successful, if this agent happens to be the exploiter's, they can simply withhold the fulfillment, wait for 24 hours, and reroll it, and can repeat this until they get a good outcome. This gives the exploiter a sure-win condition. Their agent can never be wounded and their heal was always be successful, but heal is not needed since their agent will never be wounded to begin with. 


## Impact
Exploiter can exploit re-requesting of the VRF and guarantees a win.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-looksrare/blob/main/contracts-infiltration/contracts/Infiltration.sol#L575-L579

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Ensure that the randomness cannot be re-requested in all conditions.
