Tame Rainbow Canary

medium

# Infiltration.sol - VRF re-requesting, opening up rigging possiblity
## Summary
VRF randomness could be re-requested, breaking security considerations. 

## Vulnerability Detail
The protocol makes requests to Chainlink's VRF to request off-chain randomness. Upon a slow response time, > 1 day, a re-request can be **and will be** triggered, opening up the possibility of provider manipulation. By purposefully withholding the random response, the provider can trigger a re-request of the random number in attempt to get a more favorable value.
Per the VRF docs: ``Any re-request of randomness is an incorrect use of VRFv2. Doing so would give the VRF service provider the option to withhold a VRF fulfillment if the outcome is not favorable to them and wait for the re-request in the hopes that they get a better outcome``
Acceptable risks dispute: The README specifies the VRF provided randomness as trusted, but the issue I am presenting is not related to the randomness itself as discussed with the sponsor - the nodes that provide the inputs that create the random value are the trusted actor. The VRF provider responsible for the callback is a party that has the power to manipulate the outcomes and should not be a trusted actor in the context.
Severity: VRF anti-pattern implementations - historically proven and considered H/M.

## Impact
Anti-pattern implementation, game is prone to manipulation and unfair advantages.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-looksrare/blob/main/contracts-infiltration/contracts/Infiltration.sol#L579-L651

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Get rid of re-request functionality.
Either: 
1. Use a mutation of the previous random number in order to not skew the round
2. Increase the response time before relying on such functionality
3. Introduce a back-up source of randomness
Another resource for tackling randomness on-chain, instead of relying on external randomness:
https://github.com/paradigmxyz/zk-eth-rng
