Rhythmic Coffee Goblin

medium

# Lack of Return Value Check
## Summary

The return value of `_executeERC20DirectTransfer` is not checked, which could lead to undetected failures in token transfers.

## Vulnerability Detail

The function `_healRequestFulfilled` (line 1368) invokes `_executeERC20DirectTransfer` to transfer tokens. However, the return value of `_executeERC20DirectTransfer` is not checked within the `_healRequestFulfilled` function. The ERC-20 standard specifies that the transfer function should return a boolean value indicating success or failure, but this return value is ignored in the given code snippet (line 1371). Failing to check this return value could mean that a failed transfer goes unnoticed, leading to an incorrect state within the smart contract or potential loss of funds. This kind of oversight could be exploited by an attacker, especially in cases where the state of the contract changes based on the success of the token transfer.

Here's the relevant code snippet from the smart contract:

```solidity
_executeERC20DirectTransfer(LOOKS, 0x000000000000000000000000000000000000dEaD, _costToHeal(lastHealCount) / 4);
```

In this line, tokens are being transferred to a designated address, but the success of the transfer is not being verified. This could potentially lead to an incorrect contract state if, for example, the transfer fails but the contract proceeds as if it were successful. This lack of error handling and verification is a significant issue and could lead to unexpected behavior or even exploitation in adversarial conditions.

## Impact

Failure to check the return value could lead to loss of funds or incorrect contract behavior.

## Code Snippet

[Code location](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-looksrare/blob/main/contracts-infiltration/CONTRACTS/InfiltrationPeriphery.sol#L1368-L21)

```solidity
// @audit-issue: Lack of return value check can lead to undetected failures.
_executeERC20DirectTransfer(LOOKS, 0x000000000000000000000000000000000000dEaD, _costToHeal(lastHealCount) / 4);
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Check the return value of _executeERC20DirectTransfer and handle any errors appropriately to ensure that the token transfer was successful.
Consider reverting the transaction or logging an error event if the function call fails.