Narrow Cornflower Chimpanzee

high

# `ETH` sent to InfiltrationPeriphery.sol via unintended routes may remain trapped.
## Summary

`ETH` sent to InfiltrationPeriphery.sol via unintended routes may remain trapped due to the contract's reliance on the `heal()` function to withdraw `ETH`, leaving no mechanism to recover `ETH` sent directly to the contract.

## Vulnerability Detail

- The contract has a `receive()` function that allows it to accept `ETH` sent directly to the contract.
- The contract provides a mechanism to withdraw `ETH` using the `heal()` function via its `_transferETHAndWrapIfFailWithGasLimit()` method. This method uses `msg.value` to determine how much surplus `ETH` to refund to the `msg.sender`.
- But if anyone mistakenly or intentionally sends `ETH` directly to the contract without using the `heal()` function, there is no way to withdraw or recover this `ETH` because the `heal()` function's logic is the only way to trigger an `ETH` withdrawal, and it doesn't make use of `address(this).balance` at all.

## Impact

So any `ETH` sent to this contract directly (accidentally or intentionally) without using the `heal()` function will be stuck permanently, with no way of getting it out other than maybe the deprecated `selfdestruct` opcode.

## Code Snippet

The refund block inside the `heal()` function:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-looksrare/blob/main/contracts-infiltration/contracts/InfiltrationPeriphery.sol#L64-L69

## Tool used

VSC.
Manual Review

## Recommendation

To address this issue, it's advisable to implement a function that allows the contract owner or an admin to withdraw unclaimed `ETH` sent directly to the contract. This function should have proper access control mechanisms to prevent unauthorized withdrawals during active games, ensuring that game `ETH` is not mistakenly withdrawn. The implementation should consider the game state and allow withdrawals only when it's safe to do so. This will provide a safeguard against permanently lost `ETH` in cases where it's sent directly to the contract either intentionally or accidentally/mistakenly.

Additionally, it's good practice to document these mechanisms clearly in the contract to ensure transparency and provide instructions to users regarding how to recover their `ETH` if it's ever sent directly to the contract.

Example implementation of such a withdraw function:
```solidity
function withdrawUnstuckETH() external onlyOwner {
    require(gameNotActive(), "Withdrawal not allowed during active games");
    uint256 balance = address(this).balance;
    payable(owner()).transfer(balance);
}

```