Noisy Vanilla Dove

medium

# Gas Limit for VRF's callbacks should be changeable
## Summary
The protocol requests for randomness via '_requestForRandomness' with a limit of "2_500_000" gas for the "fulfillRandomWords" callback. However, hardcoding a gas limit can be risky because gas prices are subject to EVM changes. Specially for VRF, which the docs states that the callback must not revert ([https://docs.chain.link/vrf/v2/security#fulfillrandomwords-must-not-revert](url)) since VRF never tries to call it again.

## Vulnerability Detail
1. In `_requestForRandomness()`, the `callbackGasLimit` is set: `callbackGasLimit: uint32(2_500_000)`
```solidity
    function _requestForRandomness() private {
        uint256 requestId = VRF_COORDINATOR.requestRandomWords({
            keyHash: KEY_HASH,
            subId: SUBSCRIPTION_ID,
            minimumRequestConfirmations: uint16(3),
            callbackGasLimit: uint32(2_500_000),
            numWords: uint32(1)
        });
```
2. The gas shouldn't be hardcoded, because if it isn't enough and a revert happen, Chainlink states that VRF don't call the callback again. 
3. In this scenario, protocol has a `startNewRound` function to re-request randomness. However, the method shouldn't exist as stated in my other report. 

## Impact
1. Likelihood: Low, it needs EVM updates and network congestions to happen.
2. Severity: High, because VRF don't try to call the callback again and ideally `startNewRound` for re-requests shouldn't exist as stated in my other report, which would make reverts in the callback a denial of service.
3. Impact: Low Likelihood + High Severity = Medium Impact.

## Code Snippet
[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-looksrare/blob/main/contracts-infiltration/contracts/Infiltration.sol#L1298](url)
```solidity
        callbackGasLimit: uint32(2_500_000),
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add an admin function that allows changing the callbackGasLimit.