Witty Clear Chimpanzee

high

# Incorrect shift in the assembly code block
---
name: Incorrect shift in the assembly code block
about: Incorrect shift in the assembly code block
title: "Incorrect shift in the assembly code block"
labels: "High"
assignees: "phenom"
---

## Summary

I have identified a bug in the Infiltration project's codebase that involves a potential issue with a shift operation in the `_woundRequestFulfilled` function. The issue may lead to incorrect bit manipulation, and it is recommended to swap the order of parameters in the shift operation to ensure proper functionality.

## Vulnerability Detail

In the Infiltration project's codebase, within the `_woundRequestFulfilled` function, there is an assembly code block that contains a shift operation. Specifically, the issue is with the following line of code:

```solidity
agentSlotValue := or(agentSlotValue, shl(AGENT__STATUS_OFFSET, 1))
```
The issue here is that the values in the shift operation might be reversed, which could lead to incorrect bit manipulation. The code intends to set a specific bit at the AGENT__STATUS_OFFSET to 1, but there is a concern that this operation might not be functioning as expected.

## Impact
The incorrect bit manipulation can potentially affect the logic of the Infiltration project, especially with regard to the status of agents. Depending on the severity of the issue, it could lead to unintended behavior or security vulnerabilities.

## Code Snippet
```solidity
agentSlotValue := or(agentSlotValue, shl(1, AGENT__STATUS_OFFSET))
```
## Tool used
Slighter

## Recommendation
I recommend that the development team addresses this issue promptly. To fix the bug, the order of parameters in the shl operation should be swapped to ensure that the specific bit at AGENT__STATUS_OFFSET is correctly set to 1, as intended in the code. This change should be thoroughly tested to ensure that it does not introduce any new issues and that the intended functionality is maintained.