Witty Clear Chimpanzee

medium

# Governance functions should be controlled by time locks
---
name: Governance functions should be controlled by time locks
about: Governance functions should be controlled by time locks
title: ""
labels: ""
assignees: ""
---

## Summary

 Governance functions should be controlled by time locks

## Vulnerability Detail

In the context of smart contract governance, certain functions, such as upgrading contracts or setting critical parameters, should ideally be controlled by mechanisms that introduce a time delay between the proposal and its execution. This is known as a time lock. The purpose of a time lock is to provide users with a window of opportunity to exit or take action before a potentially dangerous or malicious operation is applied to the smart contract.

The vulnerability in this case arises when critical governance functions do not incorporate time locks, and changes can be executed immediately without the necessary delay. This omission can potentially lead to abrupt, unanticipated, or malicious changes to the contract's state, which can have detrimental effects on users and the contract's stability.

## Impact

The impact of not controlling governance functions with time locks is significant. Without time locks, immediate execution of governance functions can result in:

- Users not having an opportunity to exit or protect their assets in case of an adverse change.
- Unintentional or malicious changes to the contract's parameters or functionality.
- Lack of transparency and oversight in the governance process.

These consequences can lead to financial losses, disruption of contract operation, and a loss of user trust.

## Code Snippet

Instances (3):
- File: contracts/Infiltration.sol

1. Line 416: `function setMintPeriod(uint40 newMintStart, uint40 newMintEnd) external onlyOwner {`
2. Line 499: `function startGame() external onlyOwner {`
3. Line 528: `function emergencyWithdraw() external onlyOwner {`

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To address this vulnerability, it is strongly recommended to implement time locks for critical governance functions in the smart contract. Time locks introduce transparency and provide users with an opportunity to review and potentially exit before changes are applied. This practice enhances security, reduces the risk of malicious actions, and instills trust in the governance process. Additionally, considering the deployment of upgradeable contracts through proxies can provide added flexibility and security in the contract's governance model.
