Tame Rainbow Canary

high

# Infiltration.sol#fulfillRandomWords() - possible out-of-gas error during the callback method, DoS of the entire contract
## Summary
The ``fulfillRandomWords()`` function is the callback function that gets invoked from the VRF service when a random value gets returned from Chainlink. When requesting random words, the protocol specifies a gas limit of 2_500_000, which in some quite possible cases would not be enough, leading to a state where no matter how many times randomness gets re-requested(bad practice) the function will always repeat the same circumstances and revert. Thus, the game would be stuck.

## Vulnerability Detail
When there are above 50 players in game and ``fulfillRandomWords()`` gets invoked it follows this path:
1. Heal the agents that requested healing with the formula.
2. Wound 0.2% of the agents (the value can vary and will probably be increased)
3. Kill agents that have been wounded for 48 rounds, 20 in the worst case

At first it seems that 2_500_000 gas would be enough, even though during healing there's a lot of token transfers. The problem that gets us here is the great amount of storage reads.

Below I will provide 2 PoC tests, the first one will be as requested by the sponsor when discussing the issue - 0.3% wounded players per round, at the 48th round where we kill 30 players and we heal as many players as possible, 30 healing agents.
The second one will be with the current settings - 0.2% wounded players, everything else is the same.
<ins>**A prerequisite to running the tests is to remove ``expectEmitCheckAll();`` from the ``_heal()`` function in ``TestHelpers.sol``, since it tampers with the values in the PoC and is of no help, nor does it amount to the gas report.**</ins>
Test 1:
```solidity
function test_fulfillRandomWords_GasBad() public {
        _startGameAndDrawOneRound();

        _drawXRounds(47);

        (uint256[] memory woundedAgentIds1, ) = infiltration.getRoundInfo({roundId: 2});
        _heal({roundId: 47, woundedAgentIds: woundedAgentIds1});

        _drawXRounds(1);
    }
```
We start the game and at round 1 we wound 30 players, we skip to round 47 to request a heal for the next round and we heal all the wounded agents from round 2 (because they would still be alive for 2 more rounds) that are about ~29. We jump to round 48 where:
the 30 wounded players from round 1 die, we heal the 29 requested agents and wound another 30 agents| 
The gas report results in ~3_020_000 gas expenditure.

Test 2:
```solidity
function test_fulfillRandomWords_GasBad() public {
        _startGameAndDrawOneRound();

        _drawXRounds(47);

        (uint256[] memory woundedAgentIds1, ) = infiltration.getRoundInfo({roundId: 2});
        (uint256[] memory woundedAgentIds2, ) = infiltration.getRoundInfo({roundId: 7});
        

        uint[] memory result = new uint[](woundedAgentIds1.length + 11);
        for(uint256 i = 0; i <= woundedAgentIds1.length + 10; i++){
            if(i >= woundedAgentIds1.length){
                result[i] = woundedAgentIds2[i - woundedAgentIds1.length];
            }
            else {
                result[i] = woundedAgentIds1[i];
            }
        }
        
        _heal({roundId: 47, woundedAgentIds: result});

        _drawXRounds(1);
    }
```
The same as before, but at round 1 we wound 20 players, at round 47 we request to heal 30 players and at round 48 we:
kill 20 players, heal 30 players and wound ~18 more players
The gas report with the current settings for the game returns ~2_300_000
This value does not reach the cap, but is DANGEROUSLY close to it, which means that if between games settings get changed, there is a huge risk of setting parameters that cross the cap (which is what Test 1 proved above)

The circumstances above could be replicated in case of a player who owns a big amount of agents (the set limit), who gets 20 wounded agents early on and decides to heal other peoples agents alongside letting his get killed.

Last thing to take into account are the ever changing EVM costs, which could go both directions unpredictably.
Being this dangerously close and potentially crossing the allowed gas limit is of HIGH severity.

## Impact
DoS of the game, forcing a redeploy and an emergency withdraw, redistribution of assets, losses in gas expenses, protocol expenses, UX, etc.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-looksrare/blob/main/contracts-infiltration/contracts/Infiltration.sol#L1096-L1249
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
The cap on the gas for the VRF callback should definitely be increased to ATLEAST 3 million. Best case is 3.5 mill.
There are multiple gas optimizing methods that can help reduce costs further(since the code heavily relies on Yul operations), some of them being to try and lower storage reads, loop iterator initialization outside of the loop, splitting and taking out functionality from the function to reduce the amount of atomic operations ocurring.
