Old Golden Antelope

medium

# Time calculation inconsistency in `emergencyWithdraw` function
## Summary

The `emergencyWithdraw` function within `Infiltration.sol` may lead to potential time-based discrepancies. Additionally exhibits an ability to perform a 'rug pull' which is not recommended, regardless of owner trust levels.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `emergencyWithdraw` function utilizes hard-coded block numbers to approximate time periods (e.g., 36 hours). This approach is unreliable as block generation times can vary, and thus the expected time frames may not be met accurately. Additionally, the function permits the owner to withdraw all contract funds without any direct interaction or consent from users, creating a central point of failure and trust.

## Impact

- **Time-Based Inconsistency**: The reliance on block numbers for time calculations may lead to situations where the intended time-based logic does not align with real-world time, especially if the network's block time changes.
- **Centralization of Control**: By allowing the contract owner to unilaterally withdraw all funds, it poses a significant risk to users' assets, undermining the decentralized nature of the contract and potentially leading to loss of user trust or actual financial loss.

## Code Snippet

Here is the relevant section of the code:

```solidity
// Infiltration.sol at L554-L561
bool conditionThree = currentRoundId == 0 && block.timestamp > uint256(mintEnd).unsafeAdd(36 hours);
// ... rest of the emergencyWithdraw function
```

[View the code here](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-looksrare/blob/881e75651d6592892f10a99f57d2862cf0df65f5/contracts-infiltration/contracts/Infiltration.sol#L554-L561)

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
To address the time-based discrepancy:

- Replace hard-coded block numbers with a reliable time-based mechanism for critical time-dependent operations.

Also recommended to mitigate the risk of a centralized rug pull:

- Implement a multi-sig requirement for emergency withdrawals or require a time-delayed withdrawal with a clear mechanism for user intervention.

- Implement strict conditions under which `emergencyWithdraw` can be called, and ideally include a mechanism that allows users to claim their portion directly to prevent total fund access by a single entity.