Odd Berry Rabbit

medium

# Divide before multiply (Logical Bug)
## Summary
calculation performs division before multiplication which potentially may cause huge rounding errors

## Vulnerability Detail
A very common occurrence is getting integer arithmetic wrong. Smart contracts generally express numbers as integers due to the lack of floating-point support. Quite common in financial software anyway, using integers to represent value requires stepping down to small units, in order to allow for sufficient precision. The simple example is expressing values in cents rather than dollars, as it would be impossible to represent $0.5 otherwise. In fact, smart contracts usually step down much further with 18 decimal places being supported by many tokens.

However, what many developers seem to fail to appreciate, is that integer arithmetic can generally lead to a lack of precision when done wrongly. In particular, the order of operations is important. A classic case is calculating percentages. For example, in order to calculate 25 percent, we typically divide by 100 and multiply by 25. Let’s say we wish to calculate 25 percent of 80 using only integers. Expressing this as 80 / 100 * 25 will result in 0, because of rounding errors. The simple mistake here is to perform the division before the multiplication.


## Impact
calculation performs division before multiplication which potentially may cause huge rounding errors(loss of precision).

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-looksrare/blob/main/contracts-infiltration/contracts/Infiltration.sol?plain=1#L979-L980
```solidity
            uint256 totalEscapeValue = prizePool / currentRoundAgentsAlive;
            uint256 rewardForPlayer = (totalEscapeValue * _escapeMultiplier(currentRoundAgentsAlive))
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-looksrare/blob/main/contracts-infiltration/contracts/Infiltration.sol?plain=1#L740-L741

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Performing multiplication before division is generally better to avoid loss of precision because Solidity integer division might truncate.
```solidity
uint256 rewardForPlayer = ((prizePool * _escapeMultiplier(currentRoundAgentsAlive)) / currentRoundAgentsAlive) / ONE_HUNDRED_PERCENT_IN_BASIS_POINTS;
```