Fun Aegean Halibut

high

# A participant with enough agents can force win while some opponents' agents are healing
## Summary
Infiltration contract decides the game is over when only one `Active` agent is left.
This fails to take in account that some agents may be `Healing` and may become active again in next round. 
This makes sense if `number of active agents <= NUMBER_OF_SECONDARY_PRIZE_POOL_WINNERS` in previous round already, since at that point no healing is allowed.
But one participant holding 100% of active agents and at least `N=NUMBER_OF_SECONDARY_PRIZE_POOL_WINNERS+1` agents, can escape `N` agents, and claim the grand prize right away.

## Vulnerability Detail
Let's examine the following scenario:
```solidity
NUMBER_OF_SECONDARY_PRIZE_POOL_WINNERS = 50
```

Alice holds 51 active agents, Bob holds 10 healing agents.

- Alice escapes 50 agents
- Alice claims grand prize, since `number of active agents == 1` and `_assertGameOver()` does not revert:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-looksrare/blob/main/contracts-infiltration/contracts/Infiltration.sol#L1697-L1701

Bob cannot win anymore, even though his agents could've become active again if another round was started.

## Impact
Participants may be unfairly denied the healing settlement, thus losing the right to potentially win grand prize. That also means these participants paid healing fee for nothing in this round.

## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Use `(gameInfo.activeAgents == 1 && gameInfo.healingAgents == 0)` as a criteria for the game being over;

```diff
function _assertGameOver() private view {
-   if (gameInfo.activeAgents != 1) {
+   if (gameInfo.activeAgents != 1 || gameInfo.healingAgents != 0) {
        revert GameIsStillRunning();
    }
}
```

and in `startNewRound`:

```diff
-if (activeAgents == 1) {
+if (gameInfo.activeAgents == 1 && gameInfo.healingAgents == 0)
    revert GameOver();
}
```