Refined Amethyst Pigeon

high

# _woundRequestFulfilled is not a uniform distribution on a population with wounded samples
## Summary
_woundRequestFulfilled is not a uniform distribution on a population with wounded samples

## Vulnerability Detail
The mechanism to cause wound is by the following line: 

`uint256 woundedAgentIndex = (randomWord % currentRoundAgentsAlive).unsafeAdd(1);`, 

where the `currentRoundAgentsAlive` is the number of agents which are still (Active/Wounded).  If an already wounded agent is picked based on the random number, then the code would simple increase the randomWord by 1, meaning that by the same modulo, the agent on the next agentId would be picked.

```solidity
else {
                // If no agent is wounded using the current random word, increment by 1 and retry.
                // If overflow, it will wrap around to 0.
                unchecked {
                    ++randomWord;
                }
            }
```

This would give a way for people to game, under certain scenario.

Now consider this, 

1. there are 500 agents alive, player A owns agentID 1-30, while player B owns agentID 31-60. 
2. agent 21-30 are wounded; agent 41-50 are also wounded. The rest of agents are all Active.
3. There would be 1 agent to be wounded (0.2% of 500) in the next round. However, the probability of player A and player B hitting the wound are different now.

=> player A has the probability (20) / 500 = 4%.

=> While for player B, since if the modulo hit on agentID 21 -30, it would ultimately fall on the agentID 31 given the modulo just increment by 1 on each loop. On the same token,  his wounded agentID 41-50 would also fall on his Active agent with agentID 51.
That means player B would have 40 / 500 = 8% of hitting a wound, twice of that of player A.

## Impact
The impact is that 1.) as the game evolves naturally the probability of wound to the population is not even/uniform. 2.) player tend to not heal agent that is marginal/ on the boundary of their holdings, since they can shift the risk to the player next to them in terms of agentID. 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-looksrare/blob/main/contracts-infiltration/contracts/Infiltration.sol#L1459-L1461

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Treat the hit case similar to the success case, using `_nextRandomWord` to calculate a new hash for having an uniform distribution.