Quick Silver Stallion

medium

# Strategic escape can block healers
## Summary
If the game has some active agents such that escaping a few agents would cause the count of active agents to drop below 50, it effectively blocks the possibility of healing. This strategic move can be used to strategically prevent potential healers from activating.
## Vulnerability Detail
Let's consider an example: 
Alice has 5 agents, and the current count of active agents is 51. However, there are 100 wounded agents from previous rounds, and the condition ROUNDS_TO_BE_WOUNDED_BEFORE_DEAD has not been met. Since the secondary prize phase is very close, with just 1 agent away from the threshold, all 100 wounded agents might consider healing themselves, regardless of the probability of successful healing.

Given that the maximum number of healable agents in a round is limited to 30, there is a possibility that the next round will have 51 + 30 - newWoundedAgents active agents. However, if the count of active agents is less than or equal to 50, healing is not possible. In such a case, Alice can choose to escape one of her agents, reducing the count of active agents in the game to 50. This action effectively prevents healing, as indicated by the following check in the code:
```solidity
if (gameInfo.activeAgents <= NUMBER_OF_SECONDARY_PRIZE_POOL_WINNERS) {
            revert HealingDisabled();
        } 
```

By sacrificing one of her agents, Alice can achieve the following strategic advantages:

1- Transition the game to phase 2, which is the instant dead phase, resulting in the elimination of all wounded agents.
2- Prevent the potential healing of up to 30 agents.
3- Secure her position as a winner in the secondary prize phase, given that there are now fewer than or equal to 50 agents remaining.
In this scenario, Alice makes a clever move to block potential healers.
## Impact
Since this is a game I think executing such strategies are not necessarily a "security issue". Also, by blocking the healers Alice sacrifices the potential new LOOKS tokens gains coming from healing so it is not "always" profitable depending on Alice's luck. However, it could also be evaluated as medium and I wasn't sure. I will leave it to sponsor and judges for figuring out the exact severity but I think this is at worst an informational finding rather than an invalid finding. 
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-looksrare/blob/86e8a3a6d7880af0dc2ca03bf3eb31bc0a10a552/contracts-infiltration/contracts/Infiltration.sol#L801-L806
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-looksrare/blob/86e8a3a6d7880af0dc2ca03bf3eb31bc0a10a552/contracts-infiltration/contracts/Infiltration.sol#L716-L796
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
