Shaggy Emerald Dalmatian

high

# Unfair killing of Agents
## Summary

A malicious user or attacker can possibly prevent other users from healing there Agents, and force kill them, before the actual finals.

## Vulnerability Detail

According to the game rules, all wounded Agents should be able to get healed until a round **starts** with 50 or less players.
However, the code is not working like this. There is a possible situation where a round starts with more than 50 agents, but during the round, the number of active Agents, goes down to 50 or less.
According to the game rules, all players should be able to heal there agents in this round. However in the healing function there is the following check:

```solidity
if (gameInfo.activeAgents <= NUMBER_OF_SECONDARY_PRIZE_POOL_WINNERS) {
    revert HealingDisabled();
}
``` 
As we can see the healing check is going against the actual number of active agents, left. 

When Agents escape during a round, there Status is changed from `Active` to `Escaped` immediately. This means, that the number of active Agents can go down during the active round.

This would result in all heal calls before the escape to succeed, and all attempts after the attempt would revert.

When there where heals before, there is a possibility, that the next round even starts with more than 50 agents again.

But, because wounded Agents are killed before the healing, if there are less than 50 Agents left, all the non healed wounded Agents will be killed immediately.

This could happen during normal use of the game, or can be done intentionally by a malicious user.


## Impact

- Agents cannot be healed
- All non healed wounded agents, will be immediately killed at the start of the next round

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-looksrare/blob/86e8a3a6d7880af0dc2ca03bf3eb31bc0a10a552/contracts-infiltration/contracts/Infiltration.sol#L804-L806

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-looksrare/blob/86e8a3a6d7880af0dc2ca03bf3eb31bc0a10a552/contracts-infiltration/contracts/Infiltration.sol#L598-L648


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Problem arises, because the healing is disabled based on the actual amount of active Agent instead of the amount of active Agents at the start of the round.

Maybe another flag can be introduced to disable the healing on the start of the round.