Jolly Pine Tortoise

medium

# Re-wounding healed agents within the same round
## Summary

Healed agents are included in the pool of active users, subjecting them to the risk of being wounded again within the same round. This could result in the squandering of the healing fixed fees paid by users.

## Vulnerability Detail

In the game, a `heal` function exists to transition a Wounded agent back to an Active status. 

        Once Healed, an Agent returns to Active status in the next round, and can participate in the normal gameplay rounds again. 

there's a scenario where a user's healed agent could be wounded again in the same round, instead of returning to an Active status. This implies that the LOOK amount expended by the user to heal the agent gets wasted due to the game logic.

When a random word is fulfilled in function `fulfillRandomWords`. It first try to heal the agents. The agents that are successfully healed are added into the number of active agents and their status updated to `AgentStatus.Active`.

        if (healingAgents != 0) {
            uint256 healedAgents;
            (healedAgents, deadAgentsFromHealing, currentRandomWord) = _healRequestFulfilled(
                currentRoundId,
                currentRoundAgentsAlive,
                currentRandomWord
            );
            unchecked {
                currentRoundAgentsAlive -= deadAgentsFromHealing;
                activeAgents += healedAgents;
                gameInfo.healingAgents = uint16(healingAgents - healedAgents - deadAgentsFromHealing);
            }
        }

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-looksrare/blob/main/contracts-infiltration/contracts/Infiltration.sol#L1115-L1127

Post-healing, `fulfillRandomWords` proceeds to wound random agents by invoking `_woundRequestFulfilled`.

        uint256 woundedAgents = _woundRequestFulfilled(
            currentRoundId,
            currentRoundAgentsAlive,
            activeAgents,
            currentRandomWord
        );

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-looksrare/blob/main/contracts-infiltration/contracts/Infiltration.sol#L1130-L1135

It will loop through the list of active agents. What important is the list includes the active agents that are healed in the previous steps. This lead to the healed agents can be immediately wounded again.

        for (uint256 i; i < woundedAgentsCount; ) {
            uint256 woundedAgentIndex = (randomWord % currentRoundAgentsAlive).unsafeAdd(1);
            Agent storage agentToWound = agents[woundedAgentIndex];

            if (agentToWound.status == AgentStatus.Active) {
                // This is equivalent to
                // agentToWound.status = AgentStatus.Wounded;
                // agentToWound.woundedAt = roundId;
                assembly {
                    let agentSlotValue := sload(agentToWound.slot)
                    agentSlotValue := and(
                        agentSlotValue,
                        // This is equivalent to
                        // or(
                        //     TWO_BYTES_BITMASK,
                        //     shl(64, TWO_BYTES_BITMASK)
                        // )
                        0x00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffff000000000000ffff
                    )
                    // AgentStatus.Wounded is 1
                    agentSlotValue := or(agentSlotValue, shl(AGENT__STATUS_OFFSET, 1))
                    agentSlotValue := or(agentSlotValue, shl(AGENT__WOUNDED_AT_OFFSET, roundId))
                    sstore(agentToWound.slot, agentSlotValue)
                }

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-looksrare/blob/main/contracts-infiltration/contracts/Infiltration.sol#L1422-L1445

## Impact

Due to this logic oversight, healed agents could be re-wounded in the same round, thereby wasting the users' healing fixed fees.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-looksrare/blob/main/contracts-infiltration/contracts/Infiltration.sol#L1115-L1127
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-looksrare/blob/main/contracts-infiltration/contracts/Infiltration.sol#L1422-L1445

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To exclude the recently healed agents from the list of active agents prone to being wounded within the same round. This will ensure that healed agents remain active for the next round as intended.